Wrangler init fix (#15736)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/d1/tutorials/build-a-comments-api/index.md

> Use [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/workers-sdk/tree/main/packages/wrangler), the command-line tool for Cloudflare's developer products, to create a new directory and initialize a new Worker project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [C3](https://developers.cloudflare.com/learning-paths/workers/get-started/c3-and-wrangler/#c3), the command-line tool for Cloudflare's developer products, to create a new directory and initialize a new Worker project:
```
